AI GENERATED. on our level so it would be very easy for Greg.
And
nobody put a question.
It means that they were so,
and I really forget it.
That's because finally tell me
because what was going on outside the territory.
It's a little work.
That
Yeah she did.
With reddish hair,
she went out and came back.
I saw her coming back.
She must be annoyed because I think she must have blasted.
She was annoyed when she got out she was very annoyed.
She was a.
And during your whole speech vibrations were so fresh,
so fresh,
all the.
Yeah,
really.
But just for now.
That's very good.
They come back and they're really tiny.
Istra also.
Is a lot.
Uh,
but we did it.
Mother,
they all,
I,
because I was
on the,
on the stage,
I could see the faces
and they were what amazed me mother that
I said.
could see
In such a crowd.
The amount of people who were so respectful and and eager to receive something.
I was just amazed.
Is this lap for your lectures.
I did not clap.
I as I talk to the people in the car,
I was really touched because I mean my
my German is not.
For the young man to speak that like
because it was the video,
the introduction.
I didn't,
I didn't have any room.
No one never clapped you in many things when they were into that.
This is the first time I was very happy,
so I also clapped,
so I.
now one thing I want to tell you
that when haemoglobin react or do anything wrong,
it really bodily harm was,
I believe.
It still touch my,
but if anybody else does anything that can help.
But you be sure because you're part and parcel of everything you do anything
that helps.
You know,
so now remember for all of you that don't try to put any negative things
before me.
If you have,
you go plan for yourself,
come back,
but don't send me any negative thought anymore,
all right?
If you have a problem,
you try to raise your hand,
all right,
never.
Negative thing with you talk too much.
And nothing negative.
I felt it.
I do it all right,
but.
It doubles.
Mhm
Because you are fighting fast,
if my eyes start spinning,
will that be?
You are my eyes.
You are my heart,
you are my.
What about that.
Yeah.
Yeah
I can.
I just
The further is not for me but I was placed in my body
in my.
Wow.
Like this movement is makes against the rhythm of my body.
It
You should know.
You think a lot of.
Let's take a while,
I don't think that.
To decide to do it yesterday.
That there is no action of ours.
Mhm.
Not
some
some for that.
for others who will not be communication.
Oh.
273.
Oh
really.
Uh,
Yeah.
No this is the one so let's have some sample right.
To the heavens of the
We and our people
and with the help of us.
Well,
yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah
Do
Look.
What's
But the flower water.
There was no water in the flower.
This is a real stuff
that is so much.
And that was from
the popular.
I'm just like.
I think really that far as all
the way this.
programme in general took place has proven
that
you have now
started surgery around another dimension
that we just move a little finger and everything moves up.
But you want basically.
And I'm going,
you also go with me.
I'm writing.
I'm not saying all that.
So,
don't talk of small things,
top of this.
Just don't talk.
Don't think of something.
First
Yeah.
What a dilation.
In one shot so many for the first time they came and they got the.
It is just hard yellow,
it was fantastic.
But I didn't agree,
but the way it has happened here not happened.
That that generally also.
I
They were,
they said,
I feel it's all over
to journalists.
Who was here today.
She was.
She was here this evening.
She said,
I said,
did you feel?
She said,
Oh yes,
all over.
The photographer didn't think about that.
Yes,
she did.
She,
She did.
She didn't.
Very much.
I asked the the journalists.
And journalist said that she has,
but the photographer didn't because she,
she was,
uh,
she had her attention and this is what she told me she got it here,
but not the problem.
This is what she said.
I'm I asked both of them,
both of them told me.
So she.
It was the way I spoke to at the class also.
And we have which one was the photographs there which one
is it's the back that I was I was it like.
your granddaughter?
No,
I don't know.
I just had a.
Mhm
Which was
Um,
it's a red.
I know
I know I saw that.
Um
This.
Yes.
No.
Uh
I
On people.
OK.
All the men who have
this is the one you know where you know the
the first we had been breed in this castle.
You remember
For these times so far,
yes.
Let me see.
I mean the same problem.
You
Don't you for that.
I said you see that one.
Then I was.
Going down the.
Mark
In which that I remember.
When we went to that big house.
For the first seminar we
we had the.
Well they
they was that is why this boy
you still like.
David.
Oh yeah.
The
1978.
I know of a guy.
and uh
Somebody should not stop explaining something.
I know.
One eye wouldn't shadowed,
but.
The
the loops and the
situation of the.
Just.
No.
You are.
Yes.
Mhm
The background just.
I've seen it just got out whether it's a thing or not,
I've seen one where we,
I think in your house you've never had a coloured
thing but one of your photographers got the colour.
So I want to ask question,
do you have any anything behind?
It's white.
Oh,
my favourite is right that I was writing my myself.
How this background.
It's so good.
I mean,
the solicity of it right now is so great,
isn't it?
And you can't get how you look this colour.
I don't think the ball had any such colour like that.
So
Well in fact I did well was yellowish.
the photographs and yellowish.
That's why.
So all that is and just check this colour.
So I called before.
The extraordinary thing is that there's dark and
lightning in such a way it emphasises the
because you get life from both sides,
you see,
and that has come out from the point of view of an art.
All things
So
So just when I looking less straight.
That is the corner of this side,
all of my people.
In the corner of my eye.
On your respective posts on that.
No
Let's see the part.
That's right.
The bluish blue white blue.
First.
You
Mo
It's for children,
it's,
it's for good.
Yeah,
you learn the 5.
You know.
to the people.
I thought these people to come at 10 o'clock.
So the car
Wow
Yeah
the button.
I don't I.
Uh,
should I show you the,
the,
the metal luggage I have?
Yes,
you would like to.
but you couldn't find too much?
And the way you get a feel.
We
I you.
I like to,
I love it because you see it's so problem.
Uh,
you are the things that you are in the correct.
The the.
Yeah
How do we?
We don't have to we are crossing,
but we are going through tunnels.
We go through tunnels
through tunnels tunnels,
but we will not see anything because we are
taking the train at 9 o'clock in the evening,
so we will be looking it over.
Maybe tomorrow morning we will see some,
but not very uh in Zurich and then after tomorrow morning
in Zurich and then by noon on Saturday in Geneva.
Oh,
that,
that's very good.
That's excellent.
That they.
That sounds really
that
we have and uh.
Uh-huh,
that's sound good.
That
it's not.
You should you should see the you can't.
Right.
No,
57 or something like that.
The training of
Yeah just the you know on which IV.
Uh,
for putting them in the for transplant.
This
goes to that.
we ask you for.
I
So
Ezor is going to come
to Geneva,
Anzor,
and then.
Uh,
Guido is going to come to Geneva.
They would like to get a job there for at least 1 month or 6 weeks.
When we ask people for that because it's very difficult to get a job.
Oh
So that.
When you learn to
So many problems just.
I
see the way English people also use people just to get my dad
I don't see the girl.
You
Besides I have not.
So
the literal rather than telling you that you have people.
What did you feel?
I also said to them,
talking to them that they don't trust now.
And the only people who have jobs now,
higher salaries.
So your bones dropped so much.
That's
Mother will be.
So would you like me to go take the picture?
to
Yes,
a new one.
Mhm.
Hello
May I ask you,
Pedro is of Cuban nationality,
and every time he wants to go out of Italy,
which we saw that happens quite often.
I just started to.
is Cuban and every time he wants to go out of Italy
for now,
they don't want
to give him the visa to go back to Italy
though he's there for 8 years and he would like to apply for Italian nationality,
but the Cuban government would not give him.
Papers necessary
because he's a kind of refugee so maybe if you
give a ban.
It could have nationalistic.
But the TVs always have a,
a bra like all these people are thinking,
you know,
what we have this from TV.
But he's not a real refugee in the sense that he still has the Cuban passport.
Yeah.
Did you?
And ask of you.
political and they do.
No,
he would not receive it because he stayed too long in Italy.
Well,
you,
you can't say that.
I don't want to want to see what.
What is it?
It's the one,
this is not that big and it is this is dangerous it is dangerous one.
What is it called that
is the same.
Uh.
It's dangerous I know.
The dangerous animal
is still there.
How do?
Are you sure this is how she looks?
Are you sure.
It is a wasp.
It's bigger,
bigger.
It was big like that.
So what do you do?
So is the family.
Yeah
Mhm
How,
what are you doing there,
um.
I see that
that thing goes out there behind that.
keep the door opens up there
and take that one.
I can see from this side if you open the door,
open the door.
I can see no door can be open here.
The door can't be opened up.
It doesn't matter,
the doors
just hit it from outside,
but you have to listen to me.
You have to hit just the outside of the face.
I open the window.
OK.
Be careful.
No,
no I can
I can see there it is there.
I can see it's still there.
So the second school.
All right,
if it is not a thing leave it go.
You better kill it.
I see I see I see now
it between the two,
yes.
That
Just feel
fast,
take it hard,
uh,
that's all.
Yeah.
Careful,
but he's dead,
he's dead,
he's dead.
No.
will be remembered in posterity for being the man who
killed the hornet with the one that can be deadly.
3 or 4 the figure could be the but it's the
same thing the same thing you know this is different.
explain.
You have all these things.
You know,
I have already seen sitting in on the balcony.
A few
Now,
why don't you do something about.
OK
I
don't think
they are in the trees in the trees.
I think
because they are not there must be some sort of a
you must inform.
that
We do the
the that.
Must you of it.
It's no.
I
And
when you had the next that the.
We have the firemen
to get to come and to kill them.
No,
we have to ask the firemen.
Have you already seen this big thing,
not in the house the windows and do you have a problem like that,
but not this house.
We closed the whole house properly,
all right,
and we get out from the house.
At that time,
the family will come out later.
And we are free when they say it's all right.
Because the flights go out for me.
That that
Mhm.
Bean.
Oh
And I see such things now.
I mean,
the first time I see it,
I mean.
How is in this time?
You only laughs,
but not that.
Well,
we had a lot a lot to see.
Terrible.
We could not stay on the balcony.
There was a there was an SS on the other side of the house.
is also
This place.
Your sense of please and stuff.
You actually you should have restche in the places where
there's less sun.
Who is this?
It's a painting which has been done in Munich.
It's not family.
It's,
it's just a,
a study of a character.
And it is called,
it's a warrior.
It is called before the enemy.
He sees the enemy which is attacking and he takes out his word.
Well
Uh,
uh,
Mr.
Wolf was the
was in the Pinakotte of Min and I think he was the rector of the
main art gallery in Munich.
That's not.
This
Beginning of the century.
So
Expression is showing me is thinking about.
Or defending himself.
And the beauty of the whole thing is is very few colours.
When you have a few colours,
you see,
it's so confusing,
no complications,
but balancing and all that it's just very few colours you offer.
Sheets of brown and white.
Mhm
Mhm,
good.
That's another
Of the
So now I
That's my
I
I no more talking about that.
Of the
No
If you cannot do.
We should say postpone.
And just one thing,
Italians and Swiss have the best flight on the 20th
of December.
Shall we,
can we take it or shall we forget about it and take more expensive flight?
OK,
we are going to be.
Um
At least 5 weeks.
So but
you have to pay that.
Yeah
because
And
Hm
Hello.
I
Please come on come on.
Yeah
The
I
What we thought.
Do
so the punsofalo malo con catina.
OK.
Capio no.
Uh,
no.
The.
I.
Yeah.
the concern,
the tears for his wife.
I started having this because I talked to him at the beginning of the programme,
so something came on to me.
Hey,
uh,
sukeladi seco,
mundo de fava uh,
uh,
the teachersal count your blessing if you,
if you stop counting your blessing
then.
She was directed everybody is in English with
all those who are the same.
So can also understand.
But he said if you stop counting your blessing,
then,
uh,
and if you worry about trouble then you invite trouble and you will have trouble.
And then she said,
uh,
so many people,
so many,
uh,
wives are giving birth to their children.
What is so great about it?
If you can,
she can even have birth here and showing the,
the street,
and I said,
Oh mother,
please.
I mean,
you know,
it was really kind of,
she was very
unpleased by by
by this reaction.
I said something I should not have said.
It's a teaching for all of us.
What happened?
What happened is I told you that I had no fear that.
Vienna,
right,
so I had no problem.
Why did I tell her in the car this thing that
the only weak spot was this that which was rubbish,
you see.
Now this is just to bring attention something,
you know,
it's just bringing something negative to her.
That's why she said all what she said here.
Can you say what said here that we had to promise.
She says that.
you could be
It was
To.
boy.
It's better for you.
It's but you have to
It.
The.
men.
Yeah.
with the non-humanarian.
Look
That
definitive.
I know.
Questo is the demo uh custo the
the mode to counter dressing.
So.
You too crowd in there the government is to eventually.
Or they took questa uesto has
like questa and the GSC.
get
Yeah
some of the
The nomasina.
Should we eat.
There.
You were.
uh
uh a visa.
uh the
the there.
Yeah.
I
Oh.
I.
Mhm
Yeah